[Music]
welcome back
to let's play at near ferris my name is
karsten
i'm still not sure at this point if uh
the previous video is gonna get up on
time it's gonna depend on how fast
youtube processes it but yolo by now
in any case we're running kind of low on
lp i'm
really hoping we can find a n or
something here
because they said that sometimes scenes
happen
i have not looked at any kind of
spoilers so i don't know
if there's anything special here but
it's a major town
and i'd like to see if something happens
[Music]
oh well that looks promising
oh you're here
i can suddenly feeling all this stress
of my travels hit me up
like a oh like i'm suddenly feeling all
the stress of my travels hit me at once
okay welcome to flush times number one
in
that is 300 but
yeah let's go ahead and stay thank you
very much
please go and relax your body and mind
their fish dishes here really are the
best my stomach is full of fish
i could eat this every day and wouldn't
get tired of it i'm looking forward to
breakfast
[Music]
well that fully restored lp that was
convenient
because i'm getting old but i can't
think of new recipes so easily anymore
[Music]
you know calm down
a snap i've never been to such a big
town
okay all right let's
keep looking for the plot
recipe hints updated huh
[Music]
yeah sorry but you came at a bad time
outskirts path is that where it came
from or that's
oh yeah this is where it came from
gathered it such flowy sand
for the um to make sure it doesn't blow
away in the wind
cut scenes really put me quite a ways
from where i came in
[Music]
i wonder if it's okay i can grab the
water here while i'm out here
all right so presumably
that guy blocking the other door at the
other end of town
is where i need to go for the plot
it's kind of big i feel like i'll come
up with something
sap hands updated huh just getting hints
all over the place
all right now
let's go ahead and jump to there
[Music]
gathered it need to resist
you can't eat this even if you're hungry
hmm wonder why the ships can't set sail
the sailors aren't telling us anything
oh i'll make them talk anything special
[Music]
doesn't look like these are anything
particularly interesting but
you just uh good evening i'll keep
working my best
hello lily what do you have for sale
[Music]
um oh yeah and i did look and apparently
the no doc i made
doesn't have all the effects i need so
still not quite good enough
but i learned a lot about making stuff
i'm sure i'll get it eventually wow
those are some big clouds i can't even
see the sun
they're moving fast during that
transition too all right let's see
well i could do something about that
storm oh is the uh
storm the reason that we can't do
anything
finding our is easy for me yeah no ships
are sailing right now
no shoe harbor's closed off right now
get out of here
go on well
guys in trouble but i can't do anything
about it
[Music]
okay
yeah i just have to keep talking to
everyone in town probably
someone will eventually say something
maybe check out that other area in more
detail
so the ship set sail but it came back
right away i wonder why that is
can't even cross a lake what a
[Music]
disappointment
can barely tell the rain effect
i mean i can kind of see it's raining
but most it's kind of hard to tell
everything else is so sunny let's see
there's a bunch of people around here
someone's bound to say something right
[Music]
that's an interesting
water path there
oh could that be the sailor that ill was
talking about
um excuse me
you got some business with me and that
look
are you an alchemist not only that but
you want to go to reisenberg to take the
exam right
[Music]
huh that's a good guess
[Laughter]
most alchemists going to take the exam
board ships from this town
i've seen it happen every year i know
exam applicants when i see them
i see so you've got some experience in
the matter
that's right speaking of which i haven't
introduced myself yet
i'm kai i'm a sailor living in this town
[Music]
hi my name's faris
and i'm lyanna ferris's older sister
nice to meet you
yeah nice to meet you too
still i have no idea where you came from
but it looks like you arrived pretty
early
that license exam doesn't take place for
a while you could have taken your time
getting here
oh really then maybe we'll go look
around at other places
however it'll be difficult going from
this town now
impossible in fact what no way
why uh well you see
i can't explain the details see ya
he ran off i can see the reason why ill
was so angry
yeah it must have been him even i'm
feeling a little mad
what does he mean it's impossible to go
i should talk to ill about it
[Music]
or maybe we should talk to that girl
standing over there
is she over here no
she disappeared okay fine we'll go talk
to ill
let's blacksmith shop
[Music]
it's the bistro we'll take a look in
here
little lady if you keep looking around
like that someone will
eat you up
if you lay a finger on my little sister
i won't forgive you
yeah no i'm not trying to do anything
just born and just warning two little
girls traveling together might attract
some good for nothing so that's all
[Music]
let's go fierce he's right no use
hanging around this good for nothing
now hold on i'm not finished
the name's anger i'm rather well-known
mercenary around these parts
as long as you pay up i can protect you
too what do you say not a bad offer
right
[Music]
well it does seem pretty fair i'll let
you decide first
let me think i do not have that much
money
not too bad i think it's a pretty good
deal but
well no worries if you change your mind
just let me know
[Music]
yeah that'll have to take a while should
i hire him well
i should once i have a much more money
[Music]
oh your cape is really glowy
or not cape um robe
coat clothes
all right let's see ill was in the
in the inn which i thought was over this
way
[Music]
yeah the resort here
that look on your face i see you
understand why i was annoyed now
yeah i told you it's impo possible to
get any further from this town right
exactly i wonder if he plans to say the
same thing to everyone
he says it's impossible but the only way
to get to frisberg is to board a ship
from here
we need to leave this town to go take
the license examination
[Music]
yeah that's right there's no point in
getting gloomy about it let's look
around ferris
huh look around for what it's simple we
need to figure out the problem
from the sound and the way to solve it
that sailor must have a reason why
say something like that i'm sure there's
some sort of problem happening in this
town
right combined with the fact that this
town isn't very lively
that's a natural conclusion yep i'll go
ask around on my own see you go and
investigate two ferris
we're both aiming to take the license
exam let's make this a combined effort
all right
a combined effort that sounds kind of
cool i gotta del
good answer all right with that settled
let's get moving
i'll see you later bye-bye
[Music]
okay me too let's go leah hurry up
yes yes she's pretty fired up to do this
she made a good friend
[Music]
all right
yes let's go talk to uh
laundry in the blacksmith shop
the only person they know here is
laundry i suppose i'll go to the
locksmith shop and ask him about it okay
well it's convenient that we already uh
talked to him
so we have some idea where to go what
was that other quest that popped up as i
was leaving
[Music]
um
okay
so let's uh go to the locksmith shop
i kept thinking that statue was someone
standing next to him
all right let's see
well chief there's something i wanted to
ask you about
[Music]
i see so kai said it was impossible to
get any further from this town
let me think lately i've heard that the
flow of people and goods into
town is stagnated i don't know if it has
anything to do with this matter though
sorry it couldn't be much help no that's
not true
thank you very much logie
according to logi recently the flow of
people and goods has been stagnant
has something to do with what kai was
saying i suppose we'll go around for
time
and find more information all right
need to find uh what's your name sailor
girl that was
looking at us during that cut scene
maybe in the other part of town
oh
[Applause]
okay let's just go ahead and check in
each of these
houses over here
actually i want to
go up in that far upper right corner
just enough to
make sure we have the map filled in
what was this
[Music]
tasty things is one other uh
place up there that i can't quite get to
without going through a whole heck of a
maze
but i am determined to get there because
that
by its very nature of being way the heck
back there
[Music]
i'm wondering if that's where the plot
is
[Music]
and if not oh well
it has question marks and it's locked
well okay then
yeah there are ruins at the bottom of
the lake i'd love to check them out if
there's ever a way to get down there
well that sounds like a something we're
going to be
looking at eventually
[Music]
all right let's check this one over here
and then we'll check those other two
the map around here is all filled out
this is a nice feeling
interweaving paths huh i guess that's
for
filling out this area and that one's
locked too
[Music]
up this way
and that one's locked now is that just
because it's night or
it might be because it's night i wish
there was just like a weight
you wait for daytime thing without
having to
walk around and then run back and so on
and so forth
um
now that's interesting that that
oh that one has
that one has a map icon all right well
let's go
to the institute
can't break that one and that's locked
too
all right
fine we'll go to the put down the atlear
and
craft something till it's daytime or
something
[Music]
drop off the ingredients and so on
all right what should i make
now what new things do we have
[Music]
don't have hackery stones for the ice
bomb
[Music]
don't have suspicious liquid
they can make special nutrients
[Music]
still need leather let's make the
special nutrients
okay so i want lots of green and maybe
some purple
all right
[Music]
we want to sort by
size i guess it is no that's not it
just sort by components okay
what material should i use so we want
green
[Music]
[Applause]
is that one there
[Music]
and green
for the earth bad smell component minus
hmm interesting
[Music]
do you have any of these that are green
probably not
i don't think this matters too much
we'll just pick one of these
and here
i have this one it's green and yellow
[Music]
that works and um
put in some cobalt grass probably
or milk we can do milk you know that
let's see
yeah we'll do that one and
i guess just some water or something
[Music]
catalyst we're trying to start the
synthesis
all right
i'll put this here
material set
[Applause]
and that one there yeah this looks good
well that filled everything up in a
hurry
[Music]
[Applause]
hmm
[Music]
and then that one goes
yeah i won't be able to get all of them
[Music]
won't be able to get the uh size but
that's okay
[Music]
it looks great grow great materials
see what that does
[Music]
because it looked like it was a uh
explore item
[Music]
no
[Applause]
is it just one that we yeah okay
well i will have that
on standby in fact i'm gonna make
another well
no it's almost night time again
yeah i'm gonna make another one of those
what material should i use and just use
some
generic stuff that i don't care about
[Music]
like some of those flowers that we have
a lot of and
and it's just some general water wait no
that's quality 99 i don't want to
face that just make kind of a generic
one for
quest or something we end up needing one
for a quest
[Music]
oh we did get the uh quality up for it
all right
this is fine yeah that's fine
okay now what are we doing on time
um anything i have that will be really
quick to make
distilled water only takes six hours
let's go ahead and make some of that
[Music]
um
yeah we'll do that
[Music]
because what i want to try is
that
yeah nope didn't get done what i wanted
but oh well
oh i did get stores heat and light water
[Music]
okay
which treats should i choose oh i get to
choose the traits when i do that that's
interesting
okay all right now
it's morning-ish and those places may be
[Music]
open
not locked now
[Music]
locked
why is that still locked
i'll tell you what let's do this let's
go to the institute
we'll go in here
and then we'll go back to that other
place
okay i guess i have to talk to the other
person welcome to the observation
institute very well
thank you very much this is your reward
for today
please accept it
gold potato ingot
smart blob bomb
thousand coal all right
okay cool i got stuff
[Music]
now why is it already evening
well here we go
[Music]
okay then see you yep see ya
can you catch anything here
[Music]
yeah all kinds of things little fish
big fish and girls like you
[Applause]
huh me you're fishing for me
you're pretty good
you've been at the perfect time my
friend went home so
i was gonna be bored hey
so what's your name me i'm furious
and this is my big sister lyanna
[Music]
ferris and lyanna i'm maya
by the way you two aren't from around
here are you
why did you come to this town are you
tourists
no i'm an alchemist i'm on a journey to
take the license exam
hmm so that's why but that's a little
unexpected
to think you were an alchemist ferris
unexpected what does that mean
do i not look like an alchemist nope
you just seemed a lot different from the
other alchemist i know
but it's unfortunate that you came to
town at a time like this
huh didn't my big brother tell you
already
you can't get any further from this town
he's such an idiot too though
i know the situation but he doesn't
explain it thoroughly so nobody accepts
it
[Music]
hey could your older brother be
yep kai is my big brother
then wait mail do you know what's going
on in this town
[Music]
of course i do and i bet my brother
didn't tell you
that i can't tell you so easily either
it'll come with a price
a price what exactly do you mean
to tell the truth my shop is over there
could you buy something
i don't care what if you do
i'll tell you everything i know huh
that's all yeah that's all really
i don't lie that much anyway
i'll be waiting at my shop
[Music]
how cute so what will you do
do you want to visit her shop yeah of
course
we'll make her spill everything she
knows
fearless that way of saying it you sound
like a bad
[Music]
person
well looks like we'll be getting an info
dump next time
hopefully the shop is open
i don't like this things closing at
night and not having a quick way to pass
the time that doesn't
waste half the day
but uh that will have to wait until
the next episode because we've been
going for
about a half an hour it's a good time
for a break
i need to get some sleep myself
[Music]
so let's uh open up the atlear
drop things off and we'll
investigate her shop next time
i hope you are enjoying thanks for
watching
and i will see you next time
[Music]
welcome back to let's play atlear ferris
my name is karsten
now as i recall since i actually did
review the last few moments of the
previous episode this time
we need to go speak to maya
who is off in the corner of town and
hopefully
the door won't be locked when we get
there
[Music]
all right need a shop
ah welcome to my shop excuse me
this is pretty admirable mia you're
already running a shop at your age
i know right or so i want to say but
this is actually my brother's shop
he made the shop to revitalize the town
but he doesn't have time to sell
anything here
that's why i'm running the shop in his
place but i hardly get any customers so
it's boring
that's why i wanted you to visit the
shop i see
in that case maybe i'll drop by from
time to time
really thanks ferris we have all kinds
of things that i choose to sell
buy something i don't mind what if you
do
i'll tell you what's happening in this
town
[Music]
well maybe if your shop wasn't in the
way
back in to pass the maze
i can't even barrel those barrels they
already got stuff in them
all right i restocked the items that
were running out
buy more of them i'm not even gonna try
to pronounce that name up in the upper
left there
which one do you want
[Music]
okay that looks promising
we got fish water shells
lettuce spinach
[Music]
queen of fortune old master
wait precision instrument set hmm
that sounds plotty
but i do not have the 3000 call needed
come back again
thanks okay then i'll tell you about
this town as promised
it happened not too long ago the lake by
our town
suddenly got really stormy and rough the
rain pours
and the water's all choppy on top of all
that a huge water spout appeared because
of that
we stopped sending ships into the lake
that's also the reason why you're stuck
here i see
the ships from this town were vital for
traffic between the east and west shores
of the lake
and if they stopped this is a bigger
problem than i
imagined that's right
they're also hiding the storm out in the
lake so only a few people know the
reason
the ships have stopped but people don't
know why
that's why everyone is so unhappy
[Music]
but if that's what happened then
wouldn't it be better to look for a
solution with
everyone's help i think so too
but my brother insists on hiding it no
matter what
he says that this town was built around
shipping and tourism
most of our income comes from that
we're already troubled enough by the
ship stopping but if rumors about the
lake spread and
tourists don't come i see
the town wouldn't last very long if that
happened
that's what he thinks i don't really
understand though
thanks maya i get what's happening in
this town now
it's helpful that you knew so much maybe
kai told you because you're his little
sister
nope my brother didn't tell me a single
thing
you see i actually have a better source
of information
a better source of information what's
that
i told you earlier that i know another
alchemist right
they're the one who told me everything
oh
if you won you could meet them too
ferris
is it okay and maybe i will
okay it's settled i'll go ahead and tell
them about it
you should come a little later their
atlear is around here
it's the allier got that the earlier
see you there
[Music]
and she just walked out of her own shop
while we were there
let's go to the atlear well there was a
place over here that looked like an
antler wasn't there
let's see
it's not a spot i can jump to
[Music]
but
if we go and i can't even see the maze
very well
from from up there
um
[Music]
this maze thing is really annoying
and seriously they need just a few more
bridges
and it would be a lot less annoying
[Music]
run atlear well there we go
rin these were the people i was talking
about
ferris and lyanna right it's nice to
meet you
my name is ren i'm an alchemist working
here in flusime
[Music]
oh it's nice to meet you too
rin is an amazing alchemist who even
passed the license exam
now that i think about it that makes her
your senior fearous
no that's not really how it works i
heard about your situation from maya
it seems you're on your way to take the
exam in reisenberg
[Music]
that's right run do you have any ideas
about how to get there from this town
[Music]
this may be unpleasant to hear but that
would be difficult
you're already aware of the strange
event happening in the lake
yes yeah rough waters lots of rain
and a water spout
that's right the water spout being the
most troublesome of all
i've never seen one of that size before
ships can't go near it if they did they
would be torn to pieces
as long as that water spout exists
sending ships to the opposite shore is
virtually impossible
[Music]
is there a way to get there without
crossing the lake
hmm if there was a path like that i
think we would have tried it already
and we have to make that water spout
disappear somehow
no that would be difficult too i tried
making various items and using them but
i couldn't even weaken it
no way then we're at a complete dead end
hey maybe we should leave for now
we're just going to get more gloomy if
we stand around
you're right i'm sorry for troubling you
shall we get going ferris oh yeah
thank you very much ren no
i'm sorry i couldn't be of any help
that's not true anyway excuse us
see you too maya yeah see ya
uh what should we do maybe we can try
swimming across the lake
oh i didn't realize you were such a
strong stromer ferris
you already know i can't swim
of course i know in that case our last
hope is ill
that's right i'm sure she's found some
amazing information
right i mean this is ill we're talking
about
yeah it's the ill okay let's believe in
l and go back to the end
and she probably hasn't done anything
useful
all right can we jump yes we can jump to
the end
oh and uh now we can jump to the atlear
all right so let's go to the end and see
what happens next with the plot
i did see in the comments that i've
missed a town but
[Music]
oh this isn't good
hey ew i'm still going to ask
how did it go oh
fearless i think we're done for
huh this town is pretty it might be nice
to just live here for the rest of our
lives
stop that escapism ill but nobody would
tell me anything
how did it go for you did you figure
anything out
well kind of so you see
okay i see this really is a bad
situation
but we can't give up because of
something like this right
we've got to go and take that exam after
all
huh but you just said a little while ago
that you'd be happy living here
quiet i was just confused for a moment
[Music]
anyway we need to think of a way to get
past this
let's brainstorm ferus
right now of course
it would be trouble if we couldn't make
it in time for the exam
come on
give me a break
it's no good i can't think of anything
hey this was all your idea ill
i know but i can't think of anything
i can't think of anything i need to
cross the lake on a ship
but the water spout is in the way and we
can't cross
but even an officially licensed
alchemist can't make an item to make the
water spout go away
if we can't get past the water spout in
a normal ship
then we can make a ship that can
withstand it
just because an official alchemist
couldn't do it doesn't mean that we
can't make an item to get rid of it
huh looks like your answer is different
from mine
so it seems hey ferris
we were still making a combined effort
for this right
yeah at least that's what i thought then
let's do this
we'll both test the methods we came up
with
then we'll cross the lake using
whichever way we figure out first
together okay we're both going to take
the exam
after all right
let's do our best okay yeah
[Music]
okay then see you later
good morning ferris where zil
she already left oh right leah
i decided to make a ship it's not just
any ship
an amazing ship that can withstand a
water spout
[Music]
[Laughter]
make a ship that's funny
so alchemist can even make ships
no it won't fit in a cauldron so that
way won't work
i'm going to think of another way to
build it
[Music]
well you came up with the idea you have
my support
yeah thanks first
i need to think about what parts are
necessary to cross through a water spout
i don't know much about ships it might
be faster to ask
all kinds of people about it this is a
combined
effort with ill i need to work my
hardest
[Music]
all right then
parts for a ship talk to various people
you know saying i did see in the
comments that have apparently missed a
town but
uh we can go back to that
so we need to meet logie
and maya
[Music]
and kai
and look at the water spout
all right
[Music]
so let's
take a look let's go to the blacksmith
shop first actually let's just
start walking in this direction
so i think back there is where we look
at the
water spout maybe but let's go in this
direction first
[Music]
and that's the bistro we need the
blacksmith which should be up here
[Music]
ah fearless
i'm sorry if this is just my imagination
but
are you worried about something lodgie
hmm was it showing i guess that's a
failure as a merchant
i told you before how the flow of goods
has stagnated right
because of that i can't acquire a metal
for smithing
even if i wanted to smelt it myself i
don't have time to go and gather ore
hmm i see then maybe i can make it for
you
you'll make it furious what do you mean
she might not look it but ferris is
actually an alchemist
you are well in that case i should have
talked to you about it sooner
in the past an alchemist i know helped
me out a lot
i know just how amazing alchemists can
be
and if you're an alchemist too and i'd
love to ask you to do it
yeah just leave it to me i'll make
something really good for you
all right thanks
[Music]
is this okay
ah you've made it for me let me take a
look
[Music]
yeah this is well made alchemy really is
amazing
there won't be any issue using this as a
smithing material
thanks you really helped me out
[Music]
it was nothing i'm just happy that i
could help
[Music]
okay now that i don't have to worry
about materials
i should continue with my work would you
two care to watch
oh yeah i'd love to all right then
in that case
there that should do it
you finished that armor so quick that's
amazing
not really i'm still in training you can
go ahead and touch it if you want
[Music]
wow it's really hard
armor needs to stop impacts so it's made
especially tough
it consists of several layers of metal
so it'll take
quite a beating to make it budge
[Music]
armor is really amazing
wait it stops impacts and won't budge
fears we shouldn't get in the way of his
work for too long
maybe we should leave now oh yeah
you're right thank you very much logie
no thank you you really helped me out
i'll see you again
[Music]
i feel like i'm close to coming up with
something
i'll think about it later
so yes we're gonna go build an iron clad
huh
[Music]
well we'll go back to the atlea in a bit
we'll check the other
things to take a look at first
[Music]
that's no good what am i doing wrong
maya are you fishing oh yeah or at least
i was trying
but today's no good at all fishing isn't
fun if you don't catch anything
if only there was an amazing way to get
a big catch whenever you want it
you can catch whenever you want that
sounds difficult
yeah maybe you can improve the bait if
the bait looks tasty they might start
biting more
[Applause]
bait huh that might not be a bad idea
okay then how about this since you came
up with it try making some amazing bait
with alchemy
something that seems really delicious
that the fish will bite the moment they
see it
[Applause]
that sounds fun i don't know if i can do
it but i'll try
okay then bring it to me when you're
done i'll keep trying in my own way
until then
i thought of a new item all right
synthesize tasty looking bait
all right i still need to talk to kai
wherever he is
[Music]
is he on this way
it wasn't really clear
oh i bet it shows on the map duh
no
[Music]
unless it's off in the other that other
area
well we'll finish looking the edge of
town then we'll warp back we need to go
to maya shop to buy an item also
i don't see them down here
[Music]
all right let's go to maya shop
okay
[Music]
guess we will go back here
is either something was it was there
something just outside let's see
crest doesn't show anything there
[Music]
to make clean water
i may as well do that real quick since
we're right here i guess we'll go back
to the atlear
make the bait
yeah there you go oh
[Applause]
got a bunch of cloth
oh no no docs those are no docks not
cloth
[Music]
all right
so i guess we'll go back into town
and to our atlear and make the bait
since that seems to be the next thing to
do
[Music]
okay
excuse me
ah it really is fairest that's what i
told you
there was no mistake that this is fierce
at lear
miss sophie
leah am i dreaming right now should i
pinch your cheeks for you
it wouldn't change what you're seeing
though
[Music]
yeah this isn't a dream it's been a
while ferris
sophie this selfie
oh don't cry ferris hey come on
i thought she was growing up a bit
lately but
she's gone right back to being a kid in
front of sophie
sophie's the same in front of ferris
she's how she was
back in the past
i guess it means the two of them get
along that well
yes most likely
this makes you a little jealous too
doesn't it
yes a little
miss sophie i wanted to see you so much
are you okay have you calmed down
yeah i'm sorry about this
i started crying as soon as we met and
all
don't worry about it i was so happy that
i wanted to cry too
but why are you here
probably the same reason as you ferris i
came to ride the ferry
we spotted your atlear along the way so
we decided to visit
we thought you'd already have crossed to
the other side i guess we got lucky
fearless we should ride the ship
together
huh what
do you not want to ride on a ship with
me
no that's not it you didn't know already
all the ships in this town are stopped
now
[Applause]
what what's that supposed to mean
uh i didn't know
it's natural not to know if you only
just arrive
your consideration only makes it more
painful
but if you're working this hard i'm sure
it'll be fine
because you've made it this far by your
own strength ferris
yes the fact that you've made it to this
town already
is evidence of your efforts and
considering how much work you've done
you'll definitely be able to solve the
town's problem
that's what i believe
yeah i'll definitely make a ship to
cross the water spout
yep but let me know if you're having
trouble i'll do what i can to help
[Music]
anyway we should get going placta
i agree since the transport ships have
stopped
we should stay in this town for a while
if you want to see us
come visit anytime see you later
i didn't really expect to meet sophie
and plata here
but i'm still really happy to see them
[Music]
that's interesting okay
i feel like i understand i think i
already knew how to make at least one of
those but
okay
[Music]
i thought of a new item okay now what
i can make a
where is there it is
okay so let's make let's make that
bait
yeah i already knew how to make that uh
let's see honey syrup
a bit low level four
still need leather
um i need wheat flour
okay
so we need to make some more wheat flour
it's easy enough
is this okay
four of them with this um hmm
let's see
[Music]
i don't think i'm going to be able to
make
i was just trying to look at the uh the
size to see if i'm gonna be able to make
it the
quality plus but we can do this
if we do that we'll get the alternate
component plus but i don't really need
to
use count plus won't help okay let's
start
yeah we're not gonna be able to do this
with just the two items there
but we got the uh good with water on
there so we know what that does
i guess it's now enough
[Applause]
are you thinking about something if it's
about today's dinner it's your favorite
i'm not thinking about tonight's menu i
was thinking about armor
armor do you want to wear it or
something
no i want to put it on the ship laundry
said before that armor stops impacts
right
in that case if i put armor on the ship
the hole could hold together even while
passing through the water spout
i see armor for a ship that's quite the
idea
you think so but i don't know if it's
even possible
then maybe you should ask a specialist
it would definitely be faster than
wandering on your own
specialist that must be launchy i got it
i'll go and ask
well we'll ask him later what new recipe
that i come up with now
i need to talk to logie again but first
i want to finish making that bait
uh tasty looking bait
[Music]
what material should i use
[Applause]
[Music]
and
there's these cheap ones here
[Music]
um
it's going well
[Music]
hmm
[Applause]
[Music]
okay
okay so that makes it trickier
[Music]
material material
[Applause]
okay so we'll just do these ones first
then we can do these and it doesn't
matter
[Music]
[Applause]
it's pretty good all right
that's made i'm gonna make one more
thing
all right it's done looks more delicious
than i thought it would
nobody's watching maybe i'll have a
little taste wait but
this is fish food but but
[Music]
i managed to resist the temptation it
must be amazing bait if it even charmed
me
but i'm sure this will work on fish too
okay i should go and give it to mia
right away
well we've been going for a little over
half an hour now
but i'm one point away from
leveling up so i'm gonna make one more
thing what should i make
um
[Music]
[Applause]
let's see what can i make
[Music]
let me pour general catalyst those seem
like they're a useful thing to have
around
and we'll use
just looking at the shapes
one of these
[Music]
and i guess one of these
um
[Music]
i don't think it really matters that
much
it's interesting that i can that's
quality plus 10
quality plus 10 that way interesting
what we'll do with that catalyst
oh i see
[Music]
we'll do that and then that
okay let's start
and that one there and this here
[Music]
this is fine
and level up all right
[Music]
i'm coming in here i brought snacks
i bought them from a shop nearby want to
take a break and eat together
okay and i'll go make some tea
[Music]
ferris i'll answer for you all right
okay thanks
beerus i made some snacks want to eat
ticket
i'm sorry wrong place
[Music]
no this isn't the wrong place then
wait don't tell me are you a ghost
haunting the atlear atlier
what should i do beerus are you okay
hey do you know this airheaded girl huh
oh miss sophie
ferris
[Laughter]
[Music]
that was good so happy
so full me too
but this was a surprise i came into the
atlea and there was someone i didn't
know after all
yeah nothing like this ever happened to
me before either
you know being called a ghost by someone
i'm sorry ill i know that was really
rude
there's no excuse
no i don't really mind more importantly
the sweets you made were delicious
sophie
oh really then i'll make them again
sometime
yeah please yep
oh i stayed over pretty long i should
get going soon
see you again
[Music]
is she your alchemy teacher she's really
how can i put it lively
yeah she's really lively and also really
kind
you're right it was pretty easy to tell
i'm a little jealous what was that ill
anyway i should get going too
thanks for the tea it was good bye-bye
[Music]
[Applause]
hmm it all seemed a little different
from usual
maybe it's just me
okay well now we definitely need to take
a break
but i hope you're enjoying thanks for
watching and i will see you next time
[Music]
[Applause]
so
[Music]
welcome back to let's play alley or
ferris my name is kirsten
i believe we have some mate to deliver
so let's head over and do that
[Music]
that would have been this direction i
believe
[Music]
i wonder if this will give us the
ability to fish that will be useful
[Music]
yeah yes
have some tasty looking medium quality
bait
yes here we go
[Music]
here man i tried making the bait we
talked about before
wow this looks delicious
hey is it okay if i eat a tiny bit just
to test
you shouldn't do that it may look
delicious but i don't think it's
something meant for people to eat
i see that's too bad
yeah i know exactly how you feel
although i can't admit it out loud
oh well i'll give this bait a try you
should watch too
[Music]
wow i cut so much i'm shocked
fish sure are simple-minded they start
biting like crazy after just switching
bait
yeah although that bait did look
delicious
hmm did you say something for us nope
nothing oh by the way it seems like
you've been fishing for a long time man
is the shop okay the shop
oh i totally forgot this is bad what
should i do
this is really bad i'm definitely going
to get in trouble this time
sorry i'm going back to the shop now see
you later
[Music]
it seems like something mayo would do i
just hope she doesn't get scalded by kai
oh right mia was kai's younger sister
she might know something about ships too
i should try asking her
[Applause]
yeah i oh need did i think up
oh wow new recipe and got a whole bunch
of
fish and stuff
let's stroll around
okay well that's vague
[Music]
oh hello
hey you're you were talking to maya
before right
who are you
oh sorry my name's ferris
[Music]
oh she's suspicious of me
um i'm mae's friend you know
[Applause]
maya's friend and her too
that's right i'm also maya's friend my
name's liana
i see you're both maya's friends
then i need to introduce myself
um
i'm also my friend that means we're all
the same
you're right so what were you doing
oscar
nothing maya said she's busy
mia has to look after her shop after all
i know in that case do you want to play
with me
huh is it okay
yep although i can't play for too long
but a little while is fine really
thanks then what do you want to do
house play in the water i don't mind
you can choose oscar okay um
then let's play tag you're at first
paris
ready go
[Music]
today was really fun
that's good
yeah anyway i'm gonna go home now
let's play again
[Music]
i'm tired leah
they're really tired kids around her age
are
always full of energy you're like that
too
it looks like eska had fun you should
play with her again sometime
you're right but i think next time
should be
house for something else that doesn't
require so much stamina
[Music]
i thought of a new item
so our uh eska and loggie just going to
be showing up in every atlear game now
like um
panel is
let's see i need to find
kai
because i thought i was supposed to talk
to him
but i'm not sure exactly where he is the
quest
item the quest uh description was kind
of vague on that
i don't see him down here
although can i go in that door now
what's this okay
i found some more finding
easy for me shanty street oh okay
[Music]
uh i really shouldn't push it this much
um whoa
oh it's just you you surprised me
you seem kind of busy kai well well yeah
sailors have a lot of work is it because
of the water spout
what how do you know that who did you
hear it from
that's the secret well i can't help it
if you found out
it's exactly as you said i don't want to
leave things the way they are now i've
been
trying to cross the water spout but it
just damages the ships and haven't had
any decent results
i know i've done something terrible to
them i want to repair them but we don't
have enough lumber because the flow of
goods stopped
it gives me a headache um then should i
go and gather lumber for you
what is it okay that would really help
but
yeah just leave it to me i'll bring a
few different ones for you
i see sorry about this but thanks
i thought of a new item all right
came up with a new recipe
[Music]
deliver 10 pieces of wood
all right well there's the
why yeah it's uh kind of obvious that
there's a water spot over there
i wonder if we can find a woman around
here somewhere
well there's something over there
probably water
i was supposed to look at the water spot
too wasn't it
[Music]
probably shouldn't go in the water right
now yeah oh i see
i see that thing on the map there
[Music]
so that's the water spout if we can see
it from here it must be huge
yes considering the size i can
understand why the shipping was stopped
yeah i guess things aren't all fun
[Music]
outside
okay i still don't can't fish
what's this over here oh a chest golden
silver treasure all right
need to find wood now i found that one
spot that had some wood
but it wasn't a whole lot
wondering if there's someplace else
because i didn't remember 100
where that was
boy that uh talk to kai really put me
way the heck down there
lakeshore long road yes long road it is
a long road
[Music]
okay now we're back here
okay let's go here first
[Music]
at the tavern all right
that is all thank you for listening
he's dressed like a man but is he
actually a woman
or hey you what are you mumbling about
huh oh um what sort of work do you do
sir
ma'am my you hesitated there for a
second didn't you
i'm just like this but i'm a woman
i should introduce myself i'm bliss a
minstrel
is it lewis or louie or anyway
they need to voice more of these scenes
yes i'm fierce i'm an alchemist oh an
alchemist
that's perfect if you want you should
take a look at my shop
[Music]
you're shocked yes
i'm a traveling merchant in addition to
being a menstrual i've got all sorts of
items gathered from my travels
be sure to come by okay all right but
didn't you say you're a minstrel-less
your chops to sing so
why are you also a merchant
you really want to know why
this maybe i shouldn't have asked
no never mind then we'll leave it at
that
i travel to all kinds of places so i'm
sure we'll meet again
when we do please be sure to say hello
until next time
[Music]
all right
oh hey oh it's fierce
yeah should they come with me yes
a new party member thank you
that was convenient i resupplied the
merchandise that was running low
please take a look starry night song is
the name of the shop that's nice
[Music]
okay
okay i'll i have three of those already
[Music]
don't have either of those and it's
cheaper
[Music]
yeah i'll go ahead and get it thank you
getting more recipes is generally a good
thing
[Music]
oh that's the guy i can't afford
ah okay well i
have a party member now another party
member now so that's good
[Music]
[Applause]
okay